-  Boehm, C.L., Thompson, D.W.J., and E. Blanchard-Wrigglesworth, <strong>Invited Oral Presentation</strong> Sep. 2025. "The Key Role of the Southern Annular Mode during the Sea-Ice Maximum for Antarctic Sea Ice and its Recent Loss." Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research, AntClimNow (Near-term Variability and Prediction of the Antarctic Climate System) Monthly Science Talks
- Boehm, C.L., Thompson, D.W.J., and E. Blanchard-Wrigglesworth, Oral Presentation Jun. 2025. "Exploring the Local Atmospheric Response to Antarctic Sea Ice Loss." 30th Annual CESM Workshop 2025
- Boehm, C.L., Thompson, D.W.J., and E. Blanchard-Wrigglesworth, Oral Presentation Apr. 2025. "The Key Role of the Southern Annular Mode During the Seasonal Sea Ice Maximum in Recent Antarctic Sea Ice Loss." European Geosciences Union General Assembly 2025
- Boehm, C.L., Thompson, D.W.J., and E. Blanchard-Wrigglesworth, <strong>Invited Oral Presentation</strong> Mar. 2025. "Interpretation of Recent Antarctic Sea Ice Loss: The Key Role of Atmospheric Circulation During the Seasonal Sea Ice Maximum." NCAR Climate and Global Dynamics Laboratory, Climate Analysis Section Group Meeting
- Boehm, C.L., Thompson, D.W.J., and E. Blanchard-Wrigglesworth, Oral Presentation Mar. 2025. "Interpretation of Recent Antarctic Sea Ice Loss: The Key Role of Atmospheric Circulation During the Seasonal Sea Ice Maximum." CESM Polar Climate Working Group Meeting
- Boehm, C.L., Thompson, D.W.J., and E. Blanchard-Wrigglesworth, Oral Presentation Dec. 2024. “Interpretation of Recent Southern Hemisphere Sea Ice Loss: The Key Role of Atmospheric Circulation During the Seasonal Sea Ice Maximum.” American Geophysical Union Annual Meeting 2024
- Boehm, C.L., and D.W.J. Thompson, Oral Presentation Oct. 2024. “The Key Role of Atmospheric Circulation for Recent Southern Hemisphere Sea Ice Loss.” Young Scientist Symposium on Atmospheric Research
- Boehm, C.L., and D.W.J. Thompson, Oral Presentation Oct. 2024. “How might sea ice loss in Antarctica influence the atmospheric circulation?” Colorado State University Climate Supergroup Seminar
- Boehm, C.L., and D.W.J. Thompson, Oral Presentation June. 2024. “Interpretation of Recent Southern Hemisphere Sea Ice Loss: The Key Role of Atmospheric Circulation During the Seasonal Sea Ice Maximum.” 24th Conference on Atmospheric and Oceanic Fluid Dynamics.
- Boehm, C.L., and D.W.J. Thompson, Oral Presentation Jan. 2023. “The Signature of Cloud Radiative Effects in Extratropical Sea Surface Temperature Variability.” American Meteorological Society 103rd Annual Meeting
- Boehm, C.L., and D.W.J. Thompson, Oral Presentation Sep. 2022. “The Signature of Cloud Radiative Effects in Extratropical Sea Surface Temperature Variability.” University of Bergen Stormtracks Group Meeting
- Boehm, C.L., and D.W.J. Thompson, Poster May. 2022. “The Contribution of Clouds to Northern Hemisphere Surface Temperature Variability on Monthly to Decadal Timescales.” Stormtracks 2022: Midlatitude Storm-tracks Workshop
